all right check it out guys it's trevor
james and ting
and today's video is the start of an
ultimate
malaysian street food road trip
series we just bought a car got a
license and today we are so excited
because we are bringing you
for tons of street food we are making
our way for our first stop to try one of
the most
famous malaysian dishes
tempo it's a durian
fermented dish with fish and it's going
to be really good
yeah you excited let's go check it out
guys
you're excited thing let's do it
get ready for the ultimate malaysian
east coast
road trip because in this seven video
series we're bringing you in
full on from kl to kotabaru
driving past endless beautiful beaches
and bringing you
to all the delicious food we find along
the way and today
we're making the ultimate pilgrimage to
try the most stinky fruit in the world
but here fermented to the next level and
combined with
fish the durian ikan patin tempo yak
you need to see this and we are off
we're driving through downtown kl and
we're going to be making our way onto
the country roads today
and stopping for some delicious street
food that we find
along the way guys this trip is going to
be a big series
we're visiting a ton of different places
along the way and we're slowly making
our way up
to the east coast of malaysia
there's going to be a lot of delicious
local food and we're hoping to meet lots
of friendly people along the way and try
all of the specialties let's go check it
out guys
here we are guys we've been driving for
about an hour and a half and we just
made our way to ben
tong this is a town famous for durian
it's green there's lots of jungle
all the buildings are very colorful and
right up ahead we're going to stop
before our next town where we're going
to have the temple yak we're
stopping in benton for some some famous
lamong
and here we are guys first stop on our
road trip we're going for the hmong
right up here let's go check it out
and this is so beautiful here right over
the river and
wow it is just packed here today there's
so many
cars just pulled over on the side of the
road and
this is it right here hi boss let's have
some of them
hello oh
and we're just invited into the kitchen
guys we're going to see how they make
rendang
oh look at these walks oh beef and dung
wow it looks rich oh and then chicken
went down over here
oh nam pak sit up yeah yeah
we picked about 1 500 1500 lemons
so it starts right here that's the
biggest mountain of coconuts
look at this wow and that's the flesh
right there
that gets pressed into the milk it's
absolutely beautiful right on the river
making the coconut milk the santan oh
and here it goes look at this
all that fresh coconut flesh wow right
in there
okay and here it starts this is the
santan fresh
coconut milk is being made we're at le
mans toky and you can see it's coming
right out here
and getting filtered and then that is
going to get
put through again filtered again and
then you can actually see in the back
here
rows and rows of lambs and we're going
to have that with the beef
and chicken rendang dishes wow
and this is just incredible look at
these all these empty bamboo filled with
banana leaf and then
they just get stuffed with santan and
sticky rice
and there they are finished lemon and
they're gonna go right on the fire here
look at that they go right on the fire
this is a true malaysian specialty
and it smells amazing you can smell the
coconut milk it is so
hot here this job you have to really
get used to this because that is extreme
and there it is guys the
full row of lemang look at this
and they're just throwing more bamboo on
it's absolutely
burning so hot you can see they're
throwing used
bamboo on the fire here oh and look at
this coal
wow and we're gonna be making a giant
setup of grilled chicken here look at
this turmeric spice
blend and it's just going right on
this giant grill i am bakar look at that
it just gets covered in that marinade
turmeric lots of spices and then right
on the grill
look at that and unbox it up looks
amazing guys look at this incredible row
of ayam bakar oh my goodness look at
those coals
extremely hot that chicken is just gonna
grill
so nicely he's just flipping that
chicken so
beautifully and you can see it's just
crisped up so nicely
wow and this is the smoke pit guys the
fire pit you can see it's just
billowing with heat and smoke and that
ayamba car
smells fantastic we just drove out
about two hours through the traffic
leaving kl to try this
on our road trip and i think it's gonna
be worth it and here comes that finished
le mans look at this
wow it's ready full of that sticky
coconut infused rice
okay and here's the finished lemang it's
just going to get open now
oh my that's the lemong wrapped in the
banana leaf
and then look at this they just get
chopped up into slices and then it's
served look at that
and here we are hi boss happy cover
wow there's the lamong it's just getting
sliced
it's nice meeting you oh nice to meet
you nice to meet you
uh bole makan i am
rendang dan tattoo
and here we go look at that that's the
dagging rendang
and we got the ayam rendang wow
and uh we're gonna get satu ayam bakar
right here look at that chop
wow nam box it up and we're gonna get
the ire assam with it as well which is
their special sour
spicy sauce and there it is guys look at
that plate of goodies
let's go try it out guys look at that we
just got the ultimate
rendang set wow
we've got the beef and chicken rendang
oh
and the lemang is still so hot wrapped
in the banana leaf
and it's just so infused with coconut
it's super sticky rice let's just
cover it and rendang is such a famous
dish in malaysia as well it's also full
of coconut milk and local spices
wow that is amazing
that rendang the chicken is soft the
lemong you can taste the coconut and
then the rice is very filling and you
can taste so many nice
light spices in there and then this is
the ayah sam
yeah the iris i'm here oh my that
chicken is still so hot
it smells strong the chili's already hit
your throat
try it out
oh oh
nice oh my goodness that chicken is so
soft so smoky
and that ir assam definitely spicy a
little bit of sweetness and sour
as well oh it's burning but it's like an
addictive burn you can definitely taste
the tamarind
that sour tanginess and the chicken is
just so
succulent and so juicy thank you very
much
see you next time you can come here
thank you
see you bye bye bye and we are just
gonna get a coconut after that
and keep rolling guys malaysia
oh there it is look at that the juice is
just coming out this is the ultimate
road trip guys stopping on the side of
the road for coconuts
and ting's just getting a coconut to
cool down keep going guys and before we
knew it we were driving through
beautiful small country roads and making
our way to termilo
the land of ikan patin tempo yak
the stinky fermented durian with ikan
patin
aka local river catfish to try two
different versions
one claypot style and another grilled
style
both unique and different in their own
ways and here we are guys
just rolling into termilo the ikan
homeland and we should just be pulling
right up to try the durian temple yak
oh yeah this is gonna be good okay and
here we are guys we made our way
to try the clay pot version of ikan
patin temple yak and it's right here
and asalina has just invited us into the
kitchen to see how the tempo yak is made
let's go check it out tara makassi
hi hello avakama
wow it smells amazing in here this is
where it all starts let's see how it's
made oh
chili mara red chilies they're going
into a blender
so we got the chili mara and the
chiliappi combo the chili mara is going
to be more aromatic and the others are
going to be more spicy
oh a little flavor going in there yeah
and then kunya
and then iron a little water going right
in there here we go guys look at this
that's the chili paste it's going to
give it so much flavor
and into the pot it goes look at that
and then we've got water oh and here's
the moment we've been waiting for look
at this
this is temple yak that's pure fermented
durian paste oh and she's gonna blend it
too
so we got blended chili and blended
durian
and there it is guys look at that pure
and it smells like the strongest durian
aroma in the world it's like durian
times 100 because it's fermented and
then you've got the aroma from chilies
and all the spices and
wow it is going to be a strong dish and
look at all these fish heads coming in
this is all the ikon patin going right
in this temple yeah there's got to be at
least
20 fish heads in there so you've got the
fish heads you've got the bodies
and the tails and you can see we've got
two giant pots
that's going on a piece and here we go
guys this is the magic spot the clay pot
making look at this
there's got to be like 20 massive clay
pots of temple yak
and they're going to go right on the
flame right over here look at that you
get a whole ikon
patin fish head in there just simmering
away and that's gonna thicken up
there they go watch this boom and there
they are the temple yak
wow look at that guys it's absolutely
beautiful
and then they just go right out to the
customers oh and here it is
wow there my cassie
it's still bubbling wow look at that
that's the shark catfish that is so
unique
jeremy cassie and then we've got the
tilapia fried tilapia fish
and then nasi puti with the uh
wow and that's got chili
looks delicious oh yeah let's get a nice
fatty piece of that
lower cheek and you can just put it on
the rice it smells
like durian that's extra aromatic so
you've got that custardy
sweetness with a bit of a tanginess and
we're just going to take a little
touch of that black sambal never tried
that before it's got econ billets in it
so it's going to have that anchovy
flavor
but upgraded with that bilimboli fruit
okay let's try it out
[Music]
oh
oh my goodness that cheek meat is so
soft and the flavor is so unique i don't
think there's a flavor in the world
like that it's sweet from durian it's
spicy it's tangy
it's like a pure spicy durian gravy and
then with that
sambal that is like a fruity spicy
sweet slightly sour durian infused
fatty cheek meat that just explodes and
melts
and then we've got this fried tilapia
look at that you can just dip it in this
sweet dark soy with chili and onion
garlic
oh yeah try it out oh
it's like an upgraded fried chicken i
think it's got some turmeric in there as
well
and it's crispy on the outside and soft
on the inside that is really nice it's
just pure
fried fish satisfying simple and
delicious but the real
joy here is that patin tempo yeah
it's just absolutely unique king's gotta
get her own and the black sambal has so
much flavor
it's spicy and it's a little fruity it's
got this sour fruitiness
what do you think of that spicy
it's like afraid
it's like an upgraded tom yum taramakasi
acelina
that was delicious sang it's it up thank
you
that was just amazing guys and we're
gonna keep eating get in the car and
drive to the next
temple yak destination on the temple yak
tour we've got tons to eat let's keep
going
and next up we're bringing you for
another temple yak ikon
but this time grilled you're gonna love
this one
okay and next up guys what a beautiful
little town here it's so green
there's lots of little trees and we're
right along the riverside right now and
we're going to finish up the night with
another
econ patina except this one is barbecue
style so we're going on the full
on ikan patin temple yak durian
fermented
tour and it's right up here and here we
are the gobong majou look at this
it's a durian center and here we are
guys let's go inside
and have some amazing temple yuck fish
and boss has just
invited us in to see how they make the
ikan bakar
tempoyak wow and look what we just
walked into guys this is the ikan
patin tempo yak bakar so we've got all
these filets of ikan patin
oh yeah which is the famous fish from
termilo and it's just full of spice
chili cunhit which is turmeric and that
tempo yak
and it's on a banana leaf which is going
to give it this incredible aroma and
there's the flip look at that
piling set up
james stan
nice to meet you wow and there's the
tempo yak
oh my ah
wow durian
wow okay and then chef is just wrapped
it up in tin foil
and putting it over the flame here
quickly wow and that's just amazing
wow there's a golden
package of joy right here a bundle of
happiness and there it is he's just
cutting it open we are going to go into
the lineup right now there's a lot of
other food
and make an order tara mccasey thank you
and we start here with nasi
taramakasi and then we're gonna take
some ulam
let's get some patai and i think these
are cashew leaves here
and there's so much different curries
here okay let's take one of these look
at this
that's the classic
and here it is
wow thermic i see this is it guys oh
it's just a banana leaf bundle
oh there it is look at that that's
the patin tempo yeah oh it's still so
steamy
and you really have to travel to termilo
try it wow
and there's the ikan patina the fish
that is going gonna melt
in your mouth let's try it out guys
[Music]
whoa oh my goodness guys that is like a
candy almost
it's so naturally sweet from durian and
it doesn't have a super strong fermented
aroma
it's just like a sweet spicy durian
oh and what's this udon
wow chiliapi with giant prawns
tara makassi wow what a surprise look at
this guys they just gave us
a masak lamak chili yapi which is
coconut milk and turmeric and chiliappi
which is a super spicy sambal it's like
a sea alien look at that
absolute head butter overload and you
can just slurp it out
and masak lamak is a classic malaysian
light and creamy
turmeric coconut milk curry let's try it
out
oh my goodness that is delicious so
light so creamy the turmeric and the
chili happy
they put a lot of blended chili paste in
there so it is spicy
but wow therma cassie boss wow
wow and we're going to try this one now
this ikan
patin tempo yeah durian chili
wow it's really nice
it really is all about this temple yeah
guys look at that it is such a strong
incredible aroma sweet spicy got that
durian
fermented just slight fermented aroma
which elevates it
wow and it's fresh and it goes down like
nothing it's addictive
and look at that guys that's the ikan
that's the classic temple yeah look at
that that's the neck fat
and i think you can just take it all
down in one go
[Music]
it just bursts with fat mmm thank you
bus
sang it set up hope you guys enjoyed
that video please make sure to click the
subscribe button down below
leave a comment as well this is just the
first day of our big
east coast malaysia street food series
thanks for watching guys
we got more coming